Try to tolerate the presence of
thoughts, feelings, or memories that
feel uncomfortable. Let them be. Observe
them without reacting or rushing to get
rid of them. This doesn't mean resigning
yourself to suffering, but means
cultivating a stance of openness and
allowing rather than resistance and
struggle. I statements and non-defensive
communication. Recognize that everyone
constructs their own version of reality.
Your perceptions are no more objectively
true than someone else's. Take ownership
of them. When expressing yourself,
acknowledge that you are the author of
your thoughts. Use phrases like, "I
feel, I would like, or I'm struggling
with rather than assuming that your
experience reflects an ultimate
objective truth." That doesn't mean that
you're wrong or delusional, just that
you have your own perspective just like
everyone else. Relationships are about
negotiating between perspectives.
There's almost always compromise. You
can get some of what you want, but
usually not all of